1. V. Venkatesh, Orzel K, S.Frasier, _Spaced-antenna aperture synthesis using an X-band phased-array_, IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters, accepted for publication. 
2. Orzel K. and S. J. Frasier, _Weather Observation by an Electronically Scanned Dual-Polarization Phase-Tilt Radar_, IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 56, no. 5, 2018.
3. Orzel K. and S. J. Frasier, _Polarimetric observations by a phase-tilt weather radar in the DFW network_, IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS), 2017.
4. Orzel K., D. Pepyne, S. Turner, J. Vilardell-Sanchez, A. Bajaj, M. Zink, and S. Frasier, _Tracking of a small unmanned aerial vehicles using weather radar_, 10th European Conference on Radar in Meteorology and Hydrology, 2018.
5. Orzel K., S. Govindasamy, A. Bennett, D. Pepyne, and S. Frasier, _Detection and Identification of Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems Using Weather Radar_, AMS 38th Conference on Radar Meteorology, 2017.
6. Masalias-Huguet G., K.Orzel, and S. Frasier, _Evaluating the Calibration Stability of an Active Phased-Array Weather Radar_, AMS 37th Conference on Radar Meteorology, 2015.
7. Ermis S., K.Orzel, S.Tjuatja and S. Frasier, _A microwave scattering model for ground-based remote sensing of snowfall and freezing rain_, IEEE IGARSS, 2015.
8. Orzel K., L.Masiunas, T.Hartley and S. Frasier, _Deployment of the X-band dual polarization phased array radar in the Dallas-Forth Worth Urban Demonstration Network_, 8th European Conference on Radar in Meteorology and Hydrology, 2014.
9. Tanamachi R., H. Bluestein, M. Xue, W.C. Lee, K. Orzel, S. Frasier, R. Wakimoto, _Near-surface vortex structure in a tornado and in a tornado-like vortex observed by a mobile, W-Band radar during VORTEX2_, Monthly Weather Review 141 (11), 2013
10. Orzel K., L.Masiunas, T.Hartley and S. Frasier, _Theory and verification of bias correction for polarimetric phased array radar_, AMS 36th Conference on Radar Meteorology, 2013.
11. Orzel K, V. Venkatesh, T.Hartley, S.Frasier, _Development and Calibration of a X-band Dual Polarization Phased Array Radar_, IEEE Radar Conference, Ottawa, 2013.
12. Orzel K.,V. Venkatesh, R. Palumbo, R.H. Medina, J.L. Salazar, A. Krishnamurthy ,E. J. Knapp, R.Tessier, D.J. McLaughlin and S. Frasier, _Mobile X-band dual polarization phased-array radar: System requirements and development_, AMS 35th Conference on Radar Meteorology, 2011.
13. Venkatesh V., K. Orzel and S. Frasier, _Simulation of Spaced-Antenna retrivals for an X-band active phased-array weather radar_, AMS 35th Conference on Radar Meteorology, September 2011
14. Bluestein H., V. Venkatesh, K. Orzel, I. PopStefanija, C. Baldi, R. Tanamachi, M. M. French, J. C. Snyder, J. Houser, S. J. Frasier, G. D. Emmitt, and R. Bluth, _Mobile Doppler-radar data collected during year 2 of VORTEX2: The U. Mass. X-Pol and W-band radars and the Naval Postgraduate School MWR-05XP/TWOLF_, AMS 35th Conference on Radar Meteorology, September 2011
15. Frasier S., V. Venkatesh, K. Orzel, T. Hartley, J. Salazar, R. Medina, E. Knapp, O. Ibe, H. Bluestein, J. Snyder, R. Tanamachi, _An Overview of X- and W-band Mobile Doppler Radar Observations from VORTEX2 and Current Developments at Umass_, IEEE Radar Conference, May 2011
